no run length, angled away, defended to point.
1 run length, angled away, takes a few steps forward and guides it to third-man. Very little pace on offer, by the look of it.
no run full on middle, hint of movement back in and defended to midwicket.
no run full on middle, Rahul nearly turns the face too early, but the leading edge trickles along the ground to cover. Again indication of the lack of pace here.
no run length outside off, has a tentative poke and misses.
no run length outside off and beaten. Bit of extra bounce but also stopped on the batsman a little.
1 run length outside off, hint of that natural outswing that he gets, Rohit waited for it and steered it to third-man.
FOUR runs length, angled in, tucked away past short fine-leg and the timing ensures that it races across the turf and into the boundary, leaving the fielder no chance after he was beaten.
1 run length outside off, steered to third-man.
no run length outside off, punched off the middle of the bat but straight to cover.
1 run length outside off, steered to third-man, there was an initial call for two but the eventually decide against it.
FOUR runs length, drifting into the pads, and Rahul, on return couldn't have been happier. Cashes in with another clip down to fine-leg.
2 runs length on middle, Rohit presents a straight bat and a high elbow to loft him over mid-on and the fielder races after, dives to save two on the boundary.
no run length on middle, defended.
OUT <strong>the short fine-leg shows great anticipation and takes a simple catch in the end!</strong>. Rohit goes for a premeditated scoop, it doesn't quite come onto the bat, he doesn't get all of it and ends up spooning it to short fine-leg, who was ready for it before the shot was even completed.
no run .
1 run length outside off, steered to point.
no run length on middle, Kohli skips down the wicket and defends back to the bowler.
FOUR runs length outside off, Rahul picks it up one-handed over the cover field and it nearly carries all the way.
1 run length, nips back in a little, pushed to mid-on and they scamper one.
no run length on off, down the wicket comes Kolhi to try and blast him through the covers, only gets a thick inside edge near his feet.
1 run length outside off, steered to third-man.
FOUR runs slower ball outside off, and this time Rahul controls the shot over cover but times it as well as the one earlier in the over for another four.
1 run full outside off, pushed to mid-off and the fielder was hanging on his heels, which allows an easy single.
1 run length outside off, steered to third-man.
FOUR runs full on middle and Kohli blasts it past the bowler, down the ground for his first boundary.
1 run length outside off, steered to third-man.
1 run full outside off, opens the face and steers it to third-man.
FOUR runs <strong>slashed and slashed over point</strong>. It was length outside off, too much width and Kohli pounced on it.
1 run length outside off, tighter line though means that Kohli can only steer it to third-man.
FOUR runs <strong>the famous flick of the wrists and over squareleg for four!</strong> Full on middle, picked up through squareleg in time honoured fashion.
1 run length outside off, steered to third-man.
1 run short and pulled but a few bounces and straight to deep backward squareleg.
1 run slower ball outside off, steered to third-man.
no run length on middle, pushed to cover, Rahul wants the single but Kohli sends him back.
FOUR runs length outside off and Rahul keeps peppering the cover and point region with these beautifully timed lofted strokes.
1 run length on middle, pushed to long-on.
no run length outside off, slightly quicker, tries to use the pace and beat short third with a reverse sweep.
FOUR runs down the wicket, finds the right length and hammers it past the bowler.
1 run short this time, Rahul was ready for it, rocks back and pulls but straight to deep midwicket.
1 run short on middle, Kohli whips it away to deep squareleg.
1 wide quicker one but way down the leg side, Good take from Handscomb.
1 wide quicker one outside off this time and called wide.
1 run quicker one from the front off the hand again, Rahul cuts but can't beat the diving short third-man.
1 run length on middle, tucked away to deep backward squareleg.
1 run length outside off, extra bounce, Kohli rides it and steers it to third-man.
1 run .
1 run short and pulled off the frontfoot well in front of square but only for one.
no run length, angled in, Rahul backs away to go through the off side but misses.
2 runs length on middle, flicked to deep backward squareleg and they quickly turn for the second to make it with ease.
2 runs down the track and bursts through the hands of the cover fielder for a couple.
1 run full on middle, swatted past the bowler, who got a hand to it.
1 run down the wicket comes Rahul, Zampa sees him coming early and fires it in on middle, Rahul adjusts and pushes it to deep midwicket.
OUT down the track, gets to the pitch but flicks it aerially straight down long-on's throat. Zampa got a hint of drift which perhaps resulted in Kohli dragging the ball to the leg side when he may have preferred going straight over the bowler's head.
1 run full outside off and Pant hammers it down the ground where the long-off makes a good tumbling save.
SIX runs down the wicket and Rahul goes through the line, over the bowler's head for a maximum. He got the length and it was also the straighter one.
1 run length, angled in, helped along the ground to deep backward squareleg.
1 run short on middle, hurries onto him as he shapes to pull, pushes it down the ground, in the end.
no run length outside off and beaten by the lack of bounce.
1 run length outside off, he's bowling them quite quickly, much like Michael Bevan, pushed to cover.
1 run .
OUT <strong>Pant has run himself out after a brilliant piece of fielding!</strong> quicker one outside off, Pant skips down the track and cuts it off the middle of the bat but makes the mistake of running with the shot before it had beaten the diving fielder, who quickly gathered himself and lobbed the ball to the keeper to find him well short. Helped that it was to Behrendorff's right side, which is his left.
1 run length, angled in, tucked away to deep midwicket.
no run length outside off, Dhoni has a slash and misses.
no run .
2 runs full outside off, squirted past point and Dhoni takes on the third-man fielder and manages to complete it as the keeper couldn't gather the throw, which was quite poor. That's a runout opportunity missed.
1 run .
1 run short on middle, Rahul swivels and helps it along to fine-leg for one.
1 run full on middle, flicked to deep midwicket.
1 run full on middle, pushed past midwicket.
no run full on middle, bit of a leading edge, the ricochet off the stumps goes to cover but they don't get a run.
1 run that's Rahul's fifty on return to the side. length on middle, pushed to squareleg.
2 runs another tight two completed but could have been close at the non striker's end but the bowler wasn't behind the stumps to gather.
1 run .
1 run length outside off, skips down the wicket and steers it to third-man.
OUT Rahul backs away to go through the off side but the bowler does well to follow him, cramping him for the room he was trying to make and he only gets it off the bottom of the bat to spoon a simple catch to mid-off.
no run back of a length and outside off, stabbed back to the bowler off the back foot.
1 run shorter and outside off, worked off the back foot to deep midwicket.
1 run just short of a good length and outside off, punches to deep point with an open face.
OUT <strong>Coulter-Nile barges through the defences of Karthik</strong>. He dares to shimmy down the pitch, Coulter-Nile hits a hard length and gets it to move back in slightly. Karthik, having left his crease, misses it altogether and is bowled through the gate..
no run pushed through on middle, slides on and Dhoni defends off the back foot.
1 run Dhoni ventures down the track, Zampa hurls it at leg stump. Jabbed away to the midwicket region.
no run tossed up on leg stump, Krunal pats it to cover off the front foot.
no run pushed through outside off and Zampa finds extra bounce, Krunal does not connect with a reverse-sweep.
no run flatter and darted at the pads, whipped to short midwicket off the back foot.
no run dropped short and outside off, Krunal gets back and cuts straight to point.
no run back of a length and outside off, keeps low and messes with Dhoni's cut. Beaten.
1 run short and outside off, slapped off the back foot to sweeper cover.
1 run on a length and at the hips, whipped with the wrists to long leg.
2 runs on a length on middle and leg, Dhoni shovels it away to the right of long-on.
1 run back of a length on off, slower cutter, patted to the covers for one. India reach 100.
OUT Spliced in the air to Maxwell at backward point. Back of a length and outside off, the ball does not come onto the bat either, Krunal aims a pull over midwicket but ends up spooning a catch to Maxwell.
2 runs just short of a good length and outside off. Picked off to long leg, where a fumble allows Dhoni to get back on strike.
no run short and skids back in to cramp Dhoni for room. Tucked away to midwicket.
no run short and angling in at the top of off, no room for Dhoni to free his arms, stabbed back to Richardson.
1 run short at the body, Dhoni goes on the back foot and pulls a single to long leg.
1 leg bye short and slanted in, Umesh plays around his front pad and misses the leg-side flick. Off the pad and the ball rolls to square leg.
no run short and at top of off, draws a back-foot defence to cover.
1 wide length, angled in, Umesh shuffles across, misses the leg glance and it's called wide.
1 run full outside off, Umesh shuffles again, pushes it to mid-off for a quick single.
1 run length outside off, Dhoni slaps it to deep cover for one.
1 run length outside off, Umesh shuffles and turns the face early, gets a leading edge, along the ground to third-man.
1 run length outside off, slashes away to third-man's right but unable to beat him.
OUT <strong>shuffles across and this was waiting to happen</strong>. Caught plumb in front to a straight, quick ball at 144 kmph and doesn't even bother to review it.
no run full on the stumps and he manages to keep it out, albeit awkwardly.
no run length on middle, pushed to long-off, Dhoni refuses the single.
no run length on middle, pulled to midwicket, Dhoni is forced to refuse another single.
no run length on middle, spliced to midwicket but just short.
5 wides full and down the leg side, Dhoni can't get any bat on it but the angle beats even the diving keeper.
1 run .
no run length, angled in and Chahal blocks confidently back to the bowler.
no run length, angled in, Chahal was behind it nicely again, defends it to the leg side.
no run length on middle, Dhoni swats it to long-on but has to refuse the single again.
2 runs length outside off, Dhoni opens the face and guides it to third-man's right for two.
no run length on middle, Dhoni swings to the leg side, gets a thick inside edge to squareleg but doesn't take a single again.
no run length on off, Dhoni slaps it t long-on without much timing though and refuses the single again.
1 run length outside off, pushed to deep cover for one.
no run length on middle, Chahal swings but doesn't get much on it as it trickles to long-on and Dhoni refuses the single again.
no run full on middle, Dhoni swings again, doesn't get much on it and refuses the single.
SIX runs full outside off and finally, after refusing 7-8 singles, Dhoni connects, goes over cover, not usually his area but gets a lot of power behind that.
no run length on middle, another swing but no timing back to the bowler.
no run length on off, Dhoni skips down the wicket, swings and misses.
no run length at the body, Dhoni swings as the ball hangs in the air in the direction of fine-leg off the top edge, falls short of the man but Dhoni decides against the run.
1 wide .
1 leg bye length on middle, Dhoni swings, misses again but gets a legbye to point.
