no run length on middle, defended back to the bowler.
no run length on the pads, misses the flick and is struck on the pad but it pitched outside leg.
no run .
no run length, angled in, pushed to mid-on.
FOUR runs length, angled in and clipped off the pads, past squareleg and a four to get off the mark.
no run length outside off, pushed to point.
no run full outside off, pushed back to the bowler.
no run length on middle, hint of turn away, pushed to mid-on.
no run length outside off, Stoinis has a flash and misses, Dhoni is quick to whip the bails off but his backfoot hadn't moved.
no run length on middle, pushed to mid-on.
1 run length, angled in, pushed to midwicket for one.
OUT <strong>disaster for Australia!</strong>  full on the pads, clipped straight to squareleg, there wasn't a run there, D'Arcy short yelled no as Stoinis took off for some reason and fell inches short as Chahal whipped the bails off at the non striker's end.
OUT <strong>struck on the pad and given!</strong> The ball angled in had Finch's number all summer and Bumrah hasn't forgotten as that was full, nipping back in, striking Finch quite low and it's umpires call even as Finch reviews. Two in two for India and suddenly India's total isn't looking so bad.
no run length outside off and through him, beaten on the inside edge as he lunges forward to drive.
no run length, angled in, kept a tad low but Maxwell adjusted well and also did well to defend it with a straight bat.
no run length outside off and beaten again, this time on the outside edge as he pushed at it with his feet rooted to the crease.
no run length, angled in, hurries on to Maxwell, who brings his bat down in time and defends to point.
FOUR runs length outside off and Maxwell punches this through the covers, finding sublime timing out of nowhere to break the shackles.
no run short at the body, doesn't quite come on, he is through the pull too early and has to take it on the body.
1 run length outside off, pushed to cover and they take off with the shot and it would have been very very tight with a direct hit at the non striker's end.
FOUR runs length outside off, Maxwell slaps it over mid-off.
no run length, angled in, pushed to midwicket.
FOUR runs length, angled in and Maxwell is toying with the field here, as he shuffles across and tucks it away to short fine-leg's right for four.
FOUR runs fuller and on middle this time but the same result as Maxwell clears his back leg and goes over the bowler's head.
2 runs length, angled in, clipped away to deep squareleg's right for two.
no run slower ball outside off, Short wait for it to arrive and defends to point with an open face.
no run slower ball, Short turns the face too early and chips it to mid-on, the fielder comes charging in but it falls short despite a valiant dive.
no run length outside off, defended off the backfoot.
FOUR runs slower ball outside off, driven aerially and just wide of the cover fielder and it races to the fence after beating the inner-ring.
no run length outside off, defended to cover.
SIX runs short, he rocks back and Maxwell is in a dangerous mood, Silences the crowd with a massive six over deep midwicket.
FOUR runs length on the pads and he has picked that up over midwicket, somehow managing to time it on this surface when everyone around him is struggling.
no run quicker, flatter one on middle, cut away  but straight to cover-point.
1 run .
1 run full on middle, pushed to long-on.
1 run full on middle, pushed to long-on to finish a good over for Australia.
no run length on off, sticks in the surface, defended.
1 run length outside off, Maxwell drags it to midwicket despite the lack of bounce.
no run length, angled across, pushed back to the bowler.
1 run length on middle, pushed to long-on.
no run quicker one on middle, pushed back to the bowler.
1 run length on middle, pushed to long-on.
1 run length outside off, slapped to long-off.
1 run length on middle, pushed past the diving bowler for one to long-on.
no run length on off, pushed to cover.
no run slow and wide outside off, Maxwell slaps it to cover.
1 run length outside off, Maxwell backs away and punches it to deep cover.
FOUR runs length outside off, really really slow and Short rocks back and punches it to the deep cover fence.
2 runs length, angled in, pushed to midwicket and they turn for an an easy couple.
no run length outside off, pushed back to the bowler.
1 run <strong>direct hit and do we have another run-out?</strong> Maxwell chopped it to point and ran straight away, had to stretch at the non striker's end but made it easily.
1 run .
no run length outside off, defended to point.
1 run full on the pads, tucked away to deep squareleg.
1 run <strong>slog sweep and just short of the diving Rohit Sharma at deep midwicket</strong>.
1 run length on middle, pushed to midwicket.
SIX runs full outside off, enticing Maxwell to go big and Maxwell obliges with a massive hit over long-on.
1 run quicker one on middle, Maxwell goes back and punches it to long-off.
1 run length outside off, Short looks to cut, chops it to short third-man.
1 run quicker one outside off, slapped to deep cover.
1 run length, angled in, Maxwell waits for it to arrive and pushes it to squareleg.
1 run length, angled in, tucked away to deep squareleg.
no run length on middle, quicker one, defended to cover.
1 run length on off, pushed to long-off.
no run length, angled in, pushed to midwicket.
1 run quicker one on off, pushed to long-on.
FOUR runs length outside off, it was the slider and Short cuts it behind point and places it beautifully.
1 run length on middle, sharp turn back in, inside edge to short fine-leg.
1 run full and angled in, tucked away to deep squareleg.
no run another slider on middle, pushed to cover.
1 run length on middle, shuffles across and tucks it away to deep squareleg.
no run full outside off, Maxwell lunges forward to blast it through the covers but can't get a decent amount of bat on it.
1 run length outside off, steered to third-man.
no run short ball, Maxwell attempts to pull, is too early into hit and takes it on the grille of the helmet.
1 wide .
1 run full on middle, swatted to long-on.
1 run length, angled in, Short helps it along to fine-leg.
no run length on middle, Maxwell makes room and swings wildly but misses.
1 run full outside off and brings up a brilliant fifty with a push to long-on.
FOUR runs full down the leg side and he taps it on its head, reminiscent of Tendulkar.
2 runs full on the legs again and Maxwell repeats the previous shot.
OUT tossed up outside off and Maxwell has holed out to long-off. Made him reach for it, there was a hint of turn as well as he ended up slicing it in the air and that ends what should be a match-winning innings, unless Australia blow it.
no run length on off, defended to cover.
no run full, drifting in, pushed to midwicket.
1 run length outside off, pushed to deep cover.
1 run full outside off, pushed to long-off.
no run quicker one outside off, goes back to cut and is beaten for length.
FOUR runs quicker one, angled across, this time he slaps it with a straighter bat, through the covers for four.
no run full on the pads, clipped to midwicket.
1 run full on middle, hammered to long-on, through the bowler's hands.
2 runs googly, not picked and Handscomb gets a lucky inside edge, past the stumps for a couple.
1 wide length, angled in down the leg side and called wide.
1 run length on off, pushed to deep cover to bring up Australia's 1000.
1 run <strong>terrible mix up leads to Short's exit</strong>. It was clipped to fine-leg's left, a comfortable couple was on offer, Short turned for it but Handscomb decided against after initially calling him, there was a lot of hesitation with the two players nearly mid-pitch and it resulted in disaster for Australia.
no run full on middle, mistimed dive inside edged to midwicket.
no run full toss, angled in, pushed to mid-on.
no run .
no run backs away, Umesh follows the batsman.
1 run length on middle, pushed to long-on.
OUT <strong>and they are only going to get louder!</strong> Is there a way back for India still? Turner shuffles across and looks to sweep him fine, not the best idea against a wicket-to-wicket bowler like Krunal, and he is cleaned up.
1 run length on middle, pushed to long-off.
1 run length, angled in, pushed to long-on.
1 run length on off, slapped past the bowler for another one down to long-off.
1 run full outside off, chipped past cover and down to long-off for another single.
2 runs full outside off and caressed through the cover field, the fielder at long-off has to race across to his left and put in a slide to save two there.
1 run googly, plays back and steers it to short third-man with an open face.
no run length on off, pushed to cover.
no run quicker one on middle, pushed back.
1 run quicker one again, punched to long-off.
1 run googly again, he comes down the wicket and drags it to long-on.
no run length outside off, early into the pull and misses. The pressure is suddenly on Australia.
1 run back away, Bumrah follows, gets a thick inside edge to deep squareleg.
no run length on off, another swing and a miss and the pressure is mounting.
1 run length on middle, hurries on to him but manages to swat it to long-on.
OUT <strong>Australia are losing their way here!</strong> That was short on middle, Handscomb shuffled across to try and help it along, it hurried on to him, the top edge went high into the night sky but a calm Dhoni was under it and took it with ease.
OUT <strong>knocked him over with a searing yorker and for the first time in the match, India look to be firm favourites!</strong>.
1 run full ball outside off, dragged off the inside half to long-on. Mistimed slog.
FOUR runs length on middle, and he has beaten deep backward squareleg to silence the crowd.
2 runs yorker on middle, squeezes it out just past the bowler and they scamper two.
1 run full toss on the stumps, pushed to long-on but hit too hard to turn for two.
FOUR runs full toss on off, and he pierces the cover field to turn the match Australia's way again.
2 runs full on middle, just past the diving bowler and the lack of power behind the stroke ensures they get through for two and finish on the right side of this cliffhanger.
